This assignment uses data from the UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository, a 
popular repository for machine learning datasets. In particular, we will be 
using the "Individual household electric power consumption Data Set" which Prof
Peng has made available on the course web site:

Dataset: Electric power consumption [20Mb]

Description: Measurements of electric power consumption in one household with 
a one-minute sampling rate over a period of almost 4 years. Different 
electrical quantities and some sub-metering values are available.

The following descriptions of the 9 variables in the dataset are taken from the UCI web site:
Date: Date in format dd/mm/yyyy
Time: time in format hh:mm:ss
Global_active_power: household global minute-averaged active power (in kilowatt)
Global_reactive_power: household global minute-averaged reactive power (in kilowatt)
Voltage: minute-averaged voltage (in volt)
Global_intensity: household global minute-averaged current intensity (in ampere)
Sub_metering_1: energy sub-metering No. 1 (in watt-hour of active energy). It corresponds to the kitchen, containing mainly a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave (hot plates are not electric but gas powered).
Sub_metering_2: energy sub-metering No. 2 (in watt-hour of active energy). It corresponds to the laundry room, containing a washing-machine, a tumble-drier, a refrigerator and a light.
Sub_metering_3: energy sub-metering No. 3 (in watt-hour of active energy). It corresponds to an electric water-heater and an air-conditioner.


Summary choices I made

1. Subsetted the data to only 2/1/2007 and 2/2/2007, per the instructions
2. Created numeric interpretations of the power, voltage, and sub metering
variables

Experimental design

My project was not an experiment, but an exercise in producing image files
identical to those posted by Prof. Peng.

The four images were png files named plot1, plot2, plot3, and plot4.

The four R scripts had the same names as the images they produce, ie, plot1.R
Each script's beginning is identical up to the point where the data gets read 
in and subsetted. After that, depending on which variables are required for the
respective image, I mutated the pertinent variables and created the required 
image file.